Added a README to roles/jd-server dir (#801)
stratum-mining/stratum: roles/jd-server/README.md

# JD Server

> The JD Server is a Sv2 proxy, It is also the entity responsible for Pool-side block propagation in case of valid blocks found by miners connected to the pool (who are using the Job Declaration Protocol).

Reviewer: I don't think that Jds server is a proxy, because there is communitation with the pool. It is also reponsible for providing signed tokens. This tokens then are enclosed in each share that is sent to the pool
@Fi3  can you confirm that?

## Setup

### Configuration File

The configuration file contains the following information:

> 1. The SRI Pool information which includes the SRI Pool authority public key (`authority_public_key`), the SRI Pool authority secret key (`authority_secret_key`), along with its certificate validity (`cert_validity_sec`). In addition to this, it contains the address which it will use to listen to new connection from downstream roles (`listen_jd_address`) and the list of uncompressed pubkeys for coinbase payout (`coinbase_outputs`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The SRI Pool information which includes the SRI Pool authority public key (`authority_public_key`), the SRI Pool authority secret key (`authority_secret_key`). 
2. The list of uncompressed pubkeys for coinbase payout (`coinbase_outputs`)
3. The address which it will use to listen to new connection from downstream roles (`listen_jd_address`)
```

2. The RPC config for mempool config where are (`core_rpc_url`, `core_rpc_port`, `core_rpc_user`, `core_rpc_pass`), and the time interval for the JDS mempool update in form of (`unit`,`value`)

### Run

There are two files when you cd into roles/jd-server/config-examples/

> 1. jds-config-hosted-example.toml is community hosted server

Reviewer: In order to communicate with bitcoin node via rpc, it is strongly seggested (if not mandatory) to run the node locally with respect to the JD server. So, imo it should be specified that in each case bitcoin node is "local".

Reviewer 2: @lorbax in this case we shouldn't even be hosting a TP for the community?

cc @GitGab19

Reviewer 2: or is it possible to have yet another Bitcoin Core node that is not TP, but is used for mempool RPC?

# JD Server

The JD Server is a Sv2 proxy, It is also the entity responsible for Pool-side block propagation in case of valid blocks found by miners connected to the pool (who are using the Job Declaration Protocol).

## Setup

### Configuration File

The configuration file contains the following information:

1. The SRI Pool information which includes the SRI Pool authority public key (`authority_public_key`), the SRI Pool authority secret key (`authority_secret_key`). 
2. The list of uncompressed pubkeys for coinbase payout (`coinbase_outputs`)
3. The address which it will use to listen to new connection from downstream roles (`listen_jd_address`)

> 2. The RPC config for mempool config where are (`core_rpc_url`, `core_rpc_port`, `core_rpc_user`, `core_rpc_pass`), and the time interval for the JDS mempool update in form of (`unit`,`value`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. The Bitcoin Core RPC parameters for mempool config (`core_rpc_url`, `core_rpc_port`, `core_rpc_user`, `core_rpc_pass`), and the time interval for the JDS mempool update (`unit`,`value`)
```

### Run

There are two files when you cd into roles/jd-server/config-examples/

1. jds-config-hosted-example.toml is community hosted server
2. jds-config-local-example.toml serves as Self-hosted

Run the Job Declarator Server (JDS):

```bash

>    cd roles/jd-server/config-examples
>   cargo run -- -c jds-config-hosted-example.toml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cd roles/jd-server/config-examples
cargo run -- -c jds-config-hosted-example.toml
```
